A-levelProject
==============
Farming Project

The project that I have decided to undertake is creating farm software for smaller farmers.  My dad owns his farming business and has said how there is no simple, but effective software choices for records in the field and to show when, e.g the fields need more fertilizer.  This then led me to the idea of creating a niche piece of software that is very simple to use to the consumer.  As most programmes on the market are heavily complex and difficult to use this can fit in perfectly.  The coding to create it would be just as difficult as one of theres but on the other hand then making it easier for the user to use on top of that.  Therefore this Project will be creating a program that is easy to use for the Farmer.  The program will be an easy storage system to keep the records of the farmers and they can input any notes that the user may want to use.  They can also then input data of seperate fields.  I will then create a GUI for in this case it's my dads field, that shows the design of all of his fields.  There will then also be a part that can split the fields into there different locations so the first title screen will be the links through to each area.  In this case again it will be split between three places and from there you can access the corresponding fields.  Each year it can change the input of the crop in the field.  Depending on the crop it will change the records of things you can do to it.  For example you cannot put pesticides on oilseed while the bees are using the flower so that option will not correspond or give a warning.  Therefore another option will have to be chosen.  On top of this there can be a completely seperate file that keeps a record of money.  As for farming, budgeting is a key part as income is on a seasonal basis so to budget for the year this program will be a simple way to do it. There will be income from the year and outgoings with a few extra bits to budget from unplanned expenses. 